>> Bianca Gandolfo: Pseudocode,
what might we need in the constructor for
an adjacency list?
So, let's just say for
now it's an array, just for simplicity.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay?
And if we wanted to add a node,
right, we're gonna pass a value.
And we wanna add that value.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Oops, probably we'll
initialize it to another empty array,
so that then we can add all of
our adjacent nodes or vertices.
>> Speaker 2: Yes.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Or,
if it already exists, right?
We'll just put whatever that is there or
we'll initialize it, right?
For the case where there's already
something inside of the adjacency list,
and it's not the first
node that we're adding.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool?
>> Speaker 2: Cool.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So we're gonna have
a data structure that looks like this,
we're gonna add our graph
>> Bianca Gandolfo: .addnode,
and we're gonna pass.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Just pass 1.
Then, we have,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
we're gonna have undefined.
And then, here, we'll have 1, because
that's just how the array will work.
We initialize an array at 1 and
then this doesn't already exist, so
we'll add an empty array.
So there's 1.
>> Speaker 2: Okay,
I think I'm willing to try.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Two?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Zero,
one, two, three, four, five.
Okay, so now, we've initialized
three different nodes in our graph,
1, 2 and 5.
But right now they're not
connected to anything else.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That's
not very useful.
So how might we connect our graph?
>> Speaker 2: So,
assuming we're passing v1 and
v2 to edge, we could do nodes,
index v1.push v2.
>> Speaker 2: It seems like the adjacency
list is just a series of lists of what
it's connected to.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then this is
if its only one direction, right?
>> Speaker 2: Yep.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: If it's undirected,
how might this be different?
>> Speaker 2: The whole thing?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Nope,
we'll just add to both.
Instead of just one.
So, v2 push v1.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE].
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep.